## Spring template engine performance tests

Runs performance test from [Github Actions](https://github.com/ozkanpakdil/spring-comparing-template-engines/actions) and updates here.

### Results from 14-05-2021

Markdown is a lightweight and easy-to-use syntax for styling your writing. It includes conventions for

```JAVA11
jsp Time taken for tests:   1.307 seconds
velocity Time taken for tests:   0.871 seconds
freemarker Time taken for tests:   0.663 seconds
thymeleaf Time taken for tests:   1.731 seconds
mustache Time taken for tests:   0.568 seconds
jade Time taken for tests:   12.617 seconds
pebble Time taken for tests:   0.536 seconds
handlebars Time taken for tests:   3.793 seconds
jtwig Time taken for tests:   1.088 seconds
scalate Time taken for tests:   4.370 seconds
httl Time taken for tests:   0.564 seconds
chunk Time taken for tests:   0.505 seconds
htmlFlow Time taken for tests:   0.297 seconds
trimou Time taken for tests:   0.380 seconds
rocker Time taken for tests:   0.319 seconds
ickenham Time taken for tests:   0.687 seconds
rythm Time taken for tests:   0.887 seconds
groovy Time taken for tests:   28.703 seconds
liqp Time taken for tests:   1.567 seconds
kotlinx Time taken for tests:   0.437 seconds
```


```JAVA16
jsp Time taken for tests:   1.599 seconds
velocity Time taken for tests:   0.826 seconds
freemarker Time taken for tests:   0.799 seconds
thymeleaf Time taken for tests:   2.023 seconds
mustache Time taken for tests:   0.541 seconds
jade Time taken for tests:   19.185 seconds
pebble Time taken for tests:   3.088 seconds
handlebars Time taken for tests:   4.594 seconds
jtwig 
scalate Time taken for tests:   4.090 seconds
httl Time taken for tests:   0.523 seconds
chunk Time taken for tests:   0.496 seconds
htmlFlow Time taken for tests:   0.321 seconds
trimou Time taken for tests:   0.365 seconds
rocker Time taken for tests:   0.346 seconds
ickenham Time taken for tests:   1.996 seconds
rythm Time taken for tests:   0.877 seconds
groovy Time taken for tests:   28.409 seconds
liqp Time taken for tests:   1.690 seconds
kotlinx Time taken for tests:   0.465 seconds
```

